3 Writeup

### Project Overview
 The main reason for this project is to analyze the similarities and differences between the 2 books. For this project I used the data sources from Project Gutenberg, specifically from the book Frankenstein; Or, The Modern Prometheus by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley and Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen. The reason why I pick these books is that I was trying to analyze the similarities and differences of the word between the two top downloads book on the website to look for a pattern of words to be used to make a successful book. The techniques that I use to analyze are mainly for loop, if-else, list, and dictionary.

### Implementation
To begin with, I analyzed each book on its own in the guternberg_analysis folder. Frankenstein_analysis.py is used to analyze the book, Frankenstein. The Prideandprejudice-analysis.py is used to analyze the book Pride and Prejudice. The first method that I did was importing the text itself by decoding the website and storing it in a variable. Next, I cleaned the data by removing the words from the beginning and ending parts of the book to extract the content of the book only. The analysis that I did on each book is the total number of words, the total unique number of words, and the most common word used in the book. The reason I am doing this is just to get a sense of what each book offer for further analysis.
After analyzing each of my sources, I built a comparison file called comparison.py to analyze the comparison between the two books. The functions that I imported from the previous folders are the function to clean the word (extract the content only) and the variable to call up the book. The first thing that I did was find the common words between the 2 texts. I also made a dictionary so that the output would reveal the number of common words and the words themselves. Next, I made a function to filter the top 20 most common words. After that, I built a function to produce an output of the non-common words (the differences of the words used) between the two texts. Finally, I used the if-else function to categorize the non-common words to where it belongs (the first text or the second text). In this process, I had a chance to choose between using a dictionary or lists. However, I ended up using a list since I only want to know the words, not including the quantity of the words.

### Result
During the individual analysis of each book, I figure out that even though the two books are the top two in downloads, they differ in terms of the number of words. The Frankenstein book has 78,122 words and 7,977 unique words. The Pride and Prejudice book has 124,749 books and 8,421 unique words. Mathematically speaking, the writer of Frankenstein uses 1 unique word per 9.79 words written. The writer of Pride and Prejudice uses 1 unique word per 14.81 words written. This interprets that the writer of Frankenstein uses more vocabulary in his book, compared to the writer of Pride and Prejudice. This could be the reason why the book Frankenstein is winning in terms of book downloads.
During the combined analysis, I found the top 20 most common words 